- [Instructor] Another important standard
for teams to consider, is branch naming conventions.
Your team will be using branching when working with git,
which raises the question of how your team
will structure branch names.
Keeping branch names short, consistent
and informative is best.
Let's take a look at how you can do that.
Here we have some examples of branches.
Notice how we're using short tokens
within the name of the branch to convey information.
If we look at the first branch name,
we can discern that the branch is related
to a bug, so that depicts the type of change.
We also can see that it applies to change number 123,
and that this change is related to an issue with the menu.
It's amazing how those three short tokens
can convey so much information.
I bet you can take a look at the next branch name
and guess what's happening.
We are adding a new feature that has change number 124,
and it's going to be dealing
with the email portion of the system.
Basically, use short tokens your team can agree to
to describe what type of work is being performed,
then apply the ID from your workload tracking tool,
followed by a short name for what will be delivered.
ideally, a tool will recommend a branch name for you,
but if you are manually creating your branches,
establishing a naming convention will help your team
understand what's included within a branch.